As always, read and understand Chapter 15, then answer these questions
in "answers.txt". 

1.  What does "this" point at during a constructor's execution?

    A.  Nothing (it is NULL).
    B.  The object being created.
    C.  The object being destroyed.
    D.  A temporary object, which goes out of scope at the end of the
        constructor. 

2.  Instead of using free, in C++ you should use:

    A.  std::free
    B.  std::cppfree
    C.  delete
    D.  delete_object

3.  What is the difference between

    new ClassName;
    and
    new ClassName(); 

    A.  Without parenthesis, you use value initialization; with
        parenthesis, you use default initialization.
    B.  Without parenthesis, you do not call the constructor for
        ClassName, but with them you call the constructor.
    C.  They behave exactly the same in all circumstances.
    D.  If ClassName has a default constructor, they will both behave
        the same. Otherwise, it is complicated.

4.  What is the difference between using an initializer list and 
    assigning to fields in a constructor?

    A.  An initializer list is the only way to initialize a const
        field. 
    B.  An initializer list is the only way to initialize a reference
        field. 
    C.  Only the initializer list performs initialization. Anything
        which you assign to in the constructor is
        assignment. Assignment and initialization are quite different
        in C++. 
    D.  All of the above

5.  Consider the following:

    I.  Make your classes default constructible. 
    II. Initialize the fields of your class with assignment statements
        in the constructor's body.
    III. Only initialize the fields you need to: do not waste time
        initializing the others. 
    IV. Initialize the fields in the order they are declared. 

    Which of the above statements describe the best practices that you
    should follow for writing a constructor?

    A.  I and II
    B.  I and III
    C.  I and IV
    D.  II and III
    E.  II and IV
    F.  III and IV

6.  If a class has a destructor, when is that class's destructor invokved?

    A.  Only when you use the delete (or delete[]) operator on an
        object of that class.
    B.  Whenever a box for an object of that type is about to be
        destroyed. 
    C.  At the completion of the class's copy constructor.
    D.  When the "this" pointer goes out of scope.

7.  Suppose that class Abc has a copy constructor, a copying
    assignment operator, and a default constructor. Assume that abc1
    has type Abc, and has been declared and intiailized
    previously. Consider the following line of code: 

    Abc abc2 = abc1;

    which of the members of Abc described above will be invoked for
    this line of code? 

    A.  The copy constructor
    B.  The copying assignment operator
    C.  The default constructor
    D.  The default constructor, THEN the copying assignment operator

8.  Which of the following is the correct way to declare the copy
    constructor for class Abc? 

    A.  Abc(Abc rhs)
    B.  Abc(const Abc & rhs)
    C.  Abc(const Abc * rhs)
    D.  None of the above

9.  When should you use the keyword "explicit"?

    A.  For any constructor, except the default constructor
    B.  For any constructor that takes one argument
    C.  For any constructor, except the copy constructor
    D.  For any constructor that takes one argument, except the copy
        constructor. 

10. What is the rule of three?

    A.  You should use at least three test cases on each class. 
    B.  You should use at least three test caess on each method. 
    C.  You should always write a default constructor, copy
        constructor, and conversion constructor in every class. 
    D.  If you write any of a copy constructor, copying assignment
        operator, or destructor, you should write all three of them. 
