As always, read and understand Chapters 25, then answer these
questions in "answers.txt".

1.  What is a DAG?

    A.  Deterministic Acyclic Graph
    B.  Directed Acyclic Graph
    C.  Deterministic Analysis Graph
    D.  Directed Analysis Graph
    E.  None of the above

2.  What kind of graph do you build to apply graph coloring to
    resource allocation? 

    A.  Antichromatic graph
    B.  Polycyclic graph
    C.  Resource intensity graph
    D.  Interference graph
    E.  None of the above

3.  What does Dijkstra's algorithm find?

    A.  The minimal spanning tree of a graph
    B.  The number of strongly connected components in a graph
    C.  The total edge weight in a graph
    D.  The shortest weighted path between two nodes in a graph
    E.  None of the above

4.  What does Prim's algorithm find?

    A.  The minimal spanning tree of a graph
    B.  The number of strongly connected components in a graph
    C.  The total edge weight in a graph
    D.  The shortest weighted path between two nodes in a graph
    E.  None of the above

5.  What does Kruskal's algorithm find?

    A.  The minimal spanning tree of a graph
    B.  The number of strongly connected components in a graph
    C.  The total edge weight in a graph
    D.  The shortest weighted path between two nodes in a graph
    E.  None of the above

6.  Which of the following is accurate with regards to a DAG?

    A.  Every two vertices are connected with each other.
    B.  Any vertex can follow a consistent directed path to loop back
        to itself. 
    C.  It allows infinite number of edges and vertices.
    D.  It may contain undirected cycles.

7.  Which of the following are applications of graphs?

    A.  Path planning in map applications
    B.  Time scheduling for tasks
    C.  Resource allocation
    D.  Social networks
    E.  All of the above

8.  All of the following statements about adjacency list and
    adjacency matrix are accurate except...

    A.  Adjacency lists are more space-efficient and are preferred if
        the graph is very sparse. 
    B.  An Adjacency list is much faster if we want to lookup for
        specific edge between two vertices compared with adjacency
        matrix. 
    C.  It is slower for an adjacency matrix to add or delete a vertex
        compared to an adjacency list.
    D.  Adjacency lists are more efficient for iterating over all
        edges in the graph. 

9.  Which of the following is incorrect with regards to Dijkstra’s
    algorithm?  

    A.  It can be used to find the shortest path from one node to
        every other nodes in the graph. 
    B.  It can be used in the applications like network routing
        protocols.  
    C.  It can support the scenario where some edge weights are
        negative integers. 
    D.  A priority queue is often used in the implementation of
        Dijkstra’s algorithm.
    E.  None of the above (all are correct)

10. Which of the following properties determine whether a graph is a
    tree? 

    A.  It must be an undirected connected graph.
    B.  There is no cycle in the graph.
    C.  The number of edges equals to the number of vertices minus one.
    D.  All of the above
    E.  None of the above
    